# # OrderApplicationContext

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**brand_name** | **string** | DEPRECATED. The label that overrides the business name in the PayPal account on the PayPal site. The fields in &#x60;application_context&#x60; are now available in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object under the &#x60;payment_source&#x60; which supports them (eg. &#x60;payment_source.paypal.experience_context.brand_name&#x60;). Please specify this field in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object instead of the &#x60;application_context&#x60; object. | [optional]
**locale** | **string** | The [language tag](https://tools.ietf.org/html/bcp47#section-2) for the language in which to localize the error-related strings, such as messages, issues, and suggested actions. The tag is made up of the [ISO 639-2 language code](https://www.loc.gov/standards/iso639-2/php/code_list.php), the optional [ISO-15924 script tag](https://www.unicode.org/iso15924/codelists.html), and the [ISO-3166 alpha-2 country code](/api/rest/reference/country-codes/) or [M49 region code](https://unstats.un.org/unsd/methodology/m49/). | [optional]
**landing_page** | **string** | DEPRECATED. DEPRECATED. The type of landing page to show on the PayPal site for customer checkout.  The fields in &#x60;application_context&#x60; are now available in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object under the &#x60;payment_source&#x60; which supports them (eg. &#x60;payment_source.paypal.experience_context.landing_page&#x60;). Please specify this field in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object instead of the &#x60;application_context&#x60; object. | [optional] [default to 'NO_PREFERENCE']
**shipping_preference** | **string** | DEPRECATED. DEPRECATED. The shipping preference:&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;Displays the shipping address to the customer.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Enables the customer to choose an address on the PayPal site.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;li&gt;Restricts the customer from changing the address during the payment-approval process.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;.  The fields in &#x60;application_context&#x60; are now available in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object under the &#x60;payment_source&#x60; which supports them (eg. &#x60;payment_source.paypal.experience_context.shipping_preference&#x60;). Please specify this field in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object instead of the &#x60;application_context&#x60; object. | [optional] [default to 'GET_FROM_FILE']
**user_action** | **string** | DEPRECATED. Configures a &lt;strong&gt;Continue&lt;/strong&gt; or &lt;strong&gt;Pay Now&lt;/strong&gt; checkout flow.  The fields in &#x60;application_context&#x60; are now available in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object under the &#x60;payment_source&#x60; which supports them (eg. &#x60;payment_source.paypal.experience_context.user_action&#x60;). Please specify this field in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object instead of the &#x60;application_context&#x60; object. | [optional] [default to 'CONTINUE']
**payment_method** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\PaymentMethod**](PaymentMethod.md) |  | [optional]
**return_url** | **string** | DEPRECATED. The URL where the customer is redirected after the customer approves the payment. The fields in &#x60;application_context&#x60; are now available in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object under the &#x60;payment_source&#x60; which supports them (eg. &#x60;payment_source.paypal.experience_context.return_url&#x60;). Please specify this field in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object instead of the &#x60;application_context&#x60; object. | [optional]
**cancel_url** | **string** | DEPRECATED. The URL where the customer is redirected after the customer cancels the payment. The fields in &#x60;application_context&#x60; are now available in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object under the &#x60;payment_source&#x60; which supports them (eg. &#x60;payment_source.paypal.experience_context.cancel_url&#x60;). Please specify this field in the &#x60;experience_context&#x60; object instead of the &#x60;application_context&#x60; object. | [optional]
**stored_payment_source** | [**\OpenAPI\Client\Model\StoredPaymentSource**](StoredPaymentSource.md) |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)
